Review architecture page (#483)
trilitech/tezos-developer-docs: docs/architecture.md

The Tezos nodes are the most important piece in this architecture because they maintain the system and the blockchain data.
Users interact with nodes through many different clients, including command-line clients, wallets, and web applications.
For more information about nodes, see [Nodes](/architecture/nodes).

This diagram shows a high-level view of the Tezos system:

![A high-level view of the Tezos system, including Tezos nodes, the blockchain data itself, an Indexer, and a few examples of clients](/img/architecture/architecture-overview.png)
<!-- https://lucid.app/lucidchart/d778aa2a-ad0a-4324-b235-ed3b35742c58/edit -->

## Tezos layer 1

When people talk about Tezos, they usually mean the primary Tezos network, which is referred to as Mainnet, and the fundamental processing layer, known as _layer 1_.

Tezos also has other networks used for testing, referred to as testnets.
Anyone can create new test networks if needed.
For example, before new versions of the Tezos protocol are enabled, users create networks that use that protocol so they can test it.

Other systems run on top of Tezos layer 1; these systems are referred to as _layer 2_.

> These systems, including [Smart Rollups](/architecture/smart-rollups) and the [Data Availability Layer](/architecture/data-availability-layer), allow Tezos applications to scale, running transactions and using data at a much higher rate than layer 1.

Reviewer: It's a bit misleading to say the DAL is on L2, maybe better like this:
```suggestion
These systems, based on [Smart Rollups](/architecture/smart-rollups) complemented by the [Data Availability Layer](/architecture/data-availability-layer), allow Tezos applications to scale, running transactions and using data at a much higher rate than layer 1.
```
